[Music]
Hey
hey guys do you see them
hey okay alright so tell me what's going
on with you something that this episode
you have the upside down
I still hope this evil like like it was
looking at you what do you think the
evil wanted afternoon sir
looks like another hot one today huh
never gets old sir
hell it's me it's Mike stay 352
if she contacts you you must tell us
otherwise you're putting yourself and
your entire family at risk
all the day crops day
[Music]
what's wrong if you like this please
give me something
[Music]
[Applause]
another you miss right but it's too
dangerous
you're gonna see him soon you now say
soon on day 326 his name is d'Artagnan
[Music]
grass crops trees everything in this
area is either dead or dying and that's
a radius of over 3 miles and it all
leads back to here
[Music]
darkness from the upside down we have to
take him in a hopper I agree no no way
well you were right about these bumpkins
some nasty stuff but we'll run the tests
and we'll see what comes up
I gotta go to school but I'll be back
soon so this thing this shadow thing you
told your mama likes it like this and
likes it cold I don't have to think I
just know things now - they're growing
ready
you see why I have to stop the truth
from spreading to those weeds there by
whatever means necessary we connect its
roots cuz remember he was saying it was
spreading and him kill him so they were
killing vines
[Music]
doesn't really matter the point is
mistakes happen
hopper I think he's in trouble
I think he's going to die I want to see
mama just stuck they think like gonna
dream the tape recording is it enough
it's is that incriminating so I'll be
took yesterday okay
it's a map it's a map of Hawkins
[Music]
[Applause]
to taking down the man start grew again
he escaped and I'm pretty sure he's a
baby Gemma Corrigan
wait what I'll explain later just meet
me and Steve at the old junkyard it's
been spreading growing beneath us like
some cancer it has some sort of a hive
intelligence and it's connecting all the
hosts
[Applause]
they're going somewhere there are lives
here
[Music]
what is your name Jay
bounced me with only this sunny means
she can find people without moving
there's nothing but an image these are
the Batman as you call them the ones
they believe are still alive your mother
do you remember us
I can help you find it find her
Brenner I can take you to him
please Jay get it I'm sorry I'm sorry
but I have to go back my friends my
friends are in danger
it's polycarbonate I can't get through
we need to make real sleep what he's a
spy if he knows where we are source the
shadow was lying he killed those
soldiers don't kill us - oh my god
you're looking for Mike and will they're
not in there are they why
if we stop him we could stop his army to
the shadow Monica Wells a day in the
field
the doctor said it was like a virus it
infected mister this virus is connecting
him to the tunnel so the tunnels to the
monsters to be upside down everything
whoa slow down slow down if anyone knows
how to destroy this thing it's will he's
connected to he knows he knows where we
are
[Music]
do you think your fee we got you back
there they you could close it I can do
it even if L can there's still another
problem closing the gate will kill him
so if he likes it cool we need to burn
it out of him maybe if we set this on
fire no yeah that's a no mind flayer
would call away his army they'd all come
to stop but then we circle back to the
exit by the time they realize were gone
L may be at the gate
close it
Oh
you
[Music]